- [Instructor] Now to the Rest class let's add a method
and from there we are going to call the Dao class
to get all the bank accounts
and for every bank account,
we'll called the ManagedExecutorService
to submit the report generation task.
So let's go to the IDE.
That's the ReportsResource restful bean that we have created
in the constructor we of course did the connection pooling,
and that the object that we have gotten
through the resource annotation.
So let's go ahead and add a material for the rest,
which is allowed in the form of get.
And I'll say, public, string, generate reports.
Okay, and what are we going to do inside?
The first thing is, we have to call the Dao
to get all the bank accounts.
So I'm going to say list, bank accounts,
and you have the Dao ready with you,
so you just have to call get all back accounts.
Once we do this, let's understand a few semantics
around what we are going to do.
We are going to now use the managed executor service object
to submit task of report generation for every bank account.
Now if you remember in the standard edition platform,
we actually had to make use of the executors utility,
and then opt for one of its factory methods
to get the pool, to get the service object.
Correct?
However, now, we are in a managed container environment.
And when you are in a managed container environment,
you really don't require all of the stuff
of the factory methods.
You just have to go ahead and make sure
that you grab that managed executor service object
and go ahead and submit it.
That's how this works.
There is no need of calling any factory method,
and getting their object, and all of that.
The object is available to us,
we have injected it on line number 29,
using the resource annotation.
I'm gonna go down there,
and under the generate reports method,
I am basically going to use the executor service
to submit the report task.
So let's iterate that list,
let's say for every bank account in accounts, right?
We are going to use the executor service,
let me check the name of the object that I have opted for.
Okay, that's only service.
Let's come down, line number 52 says service,
and I'm gonna say dot submit.
The method is still the same
and it demands from you the instance of the processor.
Right, the instance of the callable or the runnable.
So let's instead share that,
I say new reports processor.
Now this reports processor constructor
will of course take two arguments.
One is the bank account,
which we already have as a part of the duration.
And the second is the dao,
which we have already set up in this class.
Okay, now this of course is going to
return me a future object,
so let's also grab that.
Future of, it's returning me a boolean value,
so let's say future equal to.
And once that's done the last thing that we have to do is,
we just have to say report generated.
Ask that question, and you will get the answer
on the future or get call.
So of course this is going to throw some exception,
let's quickly handle that using the try catch.
So this iteration is done, and now what we have to is,
we just have to go ahead and return the string value
out of this method.
So I'm just going to say return, and let's see,
the report generation tasks submitted.
Okay.
Fair enough, so we have taken all the bank accounts
information from the dao.
For each back account we are trying to submit a task
of the report processor.
So now it's going to execute
and create a bank account transaction report
on the D drive for every back account.
Now before we actually test this application,
this was a huge amount of code that we have written,
so we are going to quickly review all
the classes once again,
and see that we have is right.
Let's go to bank account, and let's see what we have done.
Get all bank accounts, we've created the connection object,
results set row in a new bank account object,
added that account to accounts,
lists and we return that account.
So this method looks fine,
then we have the get transactions for bank account,
which is going to take transaction, yes.
And then the query is right,
and you are passing the parameter.
We created the bank account transaction object.
Oh there is one thing that we have missed out here,
good that we checked.
So, what we're going to do is,
we have to take that list as well
and add that transaction right to the list.
Okay.
And then we have returned the transactions, great.
So that's done, so bank account now looks good.
Bank Account bean of course looks good,
bank account transaction bean is good,
we have verified the names with the database column names.
Okay, let's go to reports processor and check quickly.
Yes, we have tied a bank account perfectly.
Bank account dao with the reports processor,
we have the constructor written correctly.
Let's take look at the call method,
we first dropped in the transactions,
and then we create a file unique to every account number
with this pattern under the D drive reports folder.
And then we iterate the transactions list,
and for every transaction we are writing the report.
Oh, so there is a slight mistake here.
What we have to do is,
we are trying to create the buffer writer just once,
and that is for all the transactions for that account,
which means this try basically has to be outside.
Let's cut this, and put it first on line number 36.
Okay, and then every account transaction
is going to be written using the same writer object.
So you see that was a logical flow.
And then we of course write out everything,
and the flush method call,
instead of at line number 45 should be done
once all the transactions are iterated.
Okay, and then let's take that variable at line number 48,
and let's do that.
Okay, so basically the report generated is absolutely true,
when the entire writer job
to write out the report is completed.
So a few flaws here and there,
one is we of course interchange the try and the for block,
because we just want one writer for all the transactions,
then we flush only when we write out the transactions.
Iteration is complete there after we flush,
and then we set the variable to true.
So the reports processor is looking good,
let's also see the reports resource.
So we have tied the bank account dao,
we wanted to create connection pooling.
We have injected the managed executor service
through the resource annotation.
We have the comparable resource set,
these parameters, all of them look good.
And then we have tied up the connection pooled data source,
to the dao.
And under the generated reports method of the rest class,
we have gotten all the bank accounts.
For every bank accounts in accounts, yes.
We have submitted one task,
and we have collected the output in the future object.
And we just written a friendly string on the UI
stating that report generation tasks were submitted.
Okay, so this class looks good too.
I basically wrote the check in order to
make sure that everything we are trying to write is correct.
And you generally should do this
when it's a big use case that you are coding.
Okay, the last check that we want to definitely do,
is to see whether we have the D reports folder created.
Make sure that the folder is already created
on any drive that you have chosen in the code.
Otherwise, it may throw you
either the file not found exception,
or it may throw you the path not specified.
One of the other, either exception will be thrown,
if the folder is not present.
As for the file for the transaction report,
don't worry about that.
The file writer, the buffer writer
automatically creates that file,
but the folder will not be created,
so that has to be ready waiting.
Okay, so now in the next video,
let's go and test this application out.